doc(ios/info): add needed NSPhotoLibraryUsageDescription information (#39)
capacitor-community/media: README.md

- `npx cap add ios`
- `npx cap open ios`
- sign your app at xcode (general tab)

> - add the following key to `Info.plist.`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add the following to `Info.plist`:
```

```xml
<dict>
  ...
  <key>NSPhotoLibraryUsageDescription</key>

>   <string>Describe why you need access to the library</string>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <string>Describe why you need access to user's photos</string>
```
